This [additional_analysis](https://github.com/Xianglong-2000/gnnabcCalibration_2026/tree/main/others/additional_analysis) includes all the analysis work needed to make the research progress of this project. Please find the descriptions of each analysis notebook below:

[growth_sim_simple_experiment](https://github.com/Xianglong-2000/gnnabcCalibration_2026/blob/main/others/additional_analysis/growth_sim_simple_experiment.ipynb) was used to check the basic growth behaviors in our simulation modules. From the previous observations, we realized all simulated samples are growing a bit faster than the experimental samples, so we used this notebook to figure out the reasons. We eventually found that the targetVol parameter values don't match their associated startVol values, so part of the divisions would appear a bit earlier than they should. (updated on 2026/06/11)

[gnn_regression_prediction_on_expdata](https://github.com/Xianglong-2000/gnnabcCalibration_2026/blob/main/others/additional_analysis/gnn_regression_prediction_on_expdata.ipynb) was used to get the gnn predictions on experimental data. The gnn model was trained using the simulated data, and then was applied to predict on the experimental data. Note that the predictions are the predicted parameter gamma and alpha on the experimental data.



[max_cell_num_check](https://github.com/Xianglong-2000/gnnabcCalibration_2026/blob/main/others/additional_analysis/max_cell_num_check.ipynb) was used to check if how the number of max cell is distributed in the experimental data. We used to set the max cell number as a constant 140 in the simulation module, but realized that it is uniformly distributed from 140 to 225 in the experimental data. To match the simulation module setup to the experimental behaviors, we changed it to a uniform distribution after this analysis.

[check_empty_features_after_fillna](https://github.com/Xianglong-2000/gnnabcCalibration_2026/blob/main/others/additional_analysis/check_empty_features_after_fillna.ipynb) was used to check empty features in the simulated data after the filling-in preprocessing. (updated on 2026/03/10)

[check_sim_param_dist](https://github.com/Xianglong-2000/gnnabcCalibration_2026/blob/main/others/additional_analysis/check_sim_param_dist.ipynb) was used to check the observable parameter distributions in our simulation module setup. We compared the simulated distributions to the experimental distributions, and see if there's any discrepancy. We eventually realized all observable parameter distribution setup in our simulation module should be okay. (updated on 2026/03/10)
